Hello everyone, you are just a game channel
singel went to see mods review on
gta san andreas
first issue and in this issue i am you
show a mod that adds air
Gattas Andreas Balls
they can be run to buy
need to come to the store zeron then
go into her shop hero finds Sophia
san fierro near the garage in doverty
Then we come here to the seller
we get out the same menu gel balls
let's buy two balls for them
let's first red buy red
ball bought let's buy it again
so then we buy blue and also
pictures and color does not change plum
red bought again
the color of the text also changes but this here
which is not more blue rapists
It seems so bought and buy green
now the ball so all bought balls
let's go go out and
run them
so let's probably go to the stadium
let's go out there somehow brighter here building
interfere so no I don't want a hot dog thank you
So let's give me the camera like this
so and to start the ball we need
just click on 1231 this red
ball 2 is a blue ball and 3 is
green ball let's start first
first red ball like that he
it starts so he flew so come on
save don't run the ball for two
the ball flew off and let's
run the green ball
but here's a cool one
such a filter balls let me even
photographed unfortunately not
the balls burst let's show so
for example let's run but green
the ball and move a little bit and try
to shoot him he doesn’t make his way into
bursts but also so cool you can
run here such here balls truth
mod disk many will say worthless well
just for fun
Also there it was written in the description that
mod made purely disc teacher for made
I started taking pictures of beautiful
with him beautiful pictures of these balls
replace some kind of weapon when not at all
who needs to ride us well then
such is the first issue, but that's about it
Thank you all for watching with you I was
Pasha, do not forget to subscribe to the feed and
just put a thumbs up and
comment on the video all good luck and
until